c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.dll.config
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.pdb
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.dll
c:\users\siyabonga\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.pdb
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.dll.config
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.pdb
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Owin.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.csproj.CopyComplete
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.dll
H:\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.dll.config
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\GMS.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.dll
C:\Users\Sia\Desktop\Project\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\GMS.Web\obj\Debug\GMS.Web.pdb
